README.md, before:

# LeetCode Solutions

This repository contains my solutions to various LeetCode problems.

## Problems & Solutions

| #  | Problem Name | Solution |
|----|-------------|----------|
| 1  | [🔥 Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/TwoSum.cpp) |
| 2  | [🚀 Memrge Two Sortet Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/MrgListLinkList.cpp) |
| 3  | [🎯 Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Palindrom.cpp) |
| 1  | [🔥 Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/TwoSum.cpp) |
| 2  | [🚀 Memrge Two Sortet Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/MrgListLinkList.cpp) |
| 3  | [🎯 Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Palindrom.cpp) |
| 1  | [🔥 Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/TwoSum.cpp) |
| 2  | [🚀 Memrge Two Sortet Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/MrgListLinkList.cpp) |
| 3  | [🎯 Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Palindrom.cpp) |

##  How to Use
- Click on the **Problem Name** to view it on LeetCode.  
- Click on **Solution** to see my implementation on GitHub.

---

Commit message:

Best Time To Buy and Sell Stock

README.md, after:

# LeetCode Solutions

This repository contains my solutions to various LeetCode problems.

## Problems & Solutions

| #  | Problem Name | Solution |
|----|-------------|----------|
| 1  | [🔥 Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/TwoSum.cpp) |
| 2  | [🚀 Memrge Two Sortet Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/MrgListLinkList.cpp) |
| 3  | [🎯 Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/Palindrom.cpp) |
| 1  | [🔥 Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/LeetCode-Problems/blob/main/TwoSum.cpp) |
| 2  | [🚀 Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/?utm_source=instabyte.io&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=interview-master-100) | [💻 Solution](https://github.com/EngEnayat/)
##  How to Use
- Click on the **Problem Name** to view it on LeetCode.  
- Click on **Solution** to see my implementation on GitHub.

---
